Screenshot docs enhancement (#1566)
Skyscanner/backpack-ios: CONTRIBUTING.md

To do this follow the following steps:

> 1. In `Example/Backpack Screenshot/BackpackSnapshotTestCase.swift` change the `runOnly` property per the guide in the comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In `Example/Backpack Screenshot/Screenshots.swift` set the property `runOnly` in the `setUp` method to the set of components you want to take screenshots of. Like so: `runOnly = Set(["Nudger", "Chips"])`
```

Author: `Screenshots.swift` is the wrong file hence the suggestion here, this is what prompted this PR in the first place as its not inside that file when searched but the `BackpackSnapshotTestCase.swift`
